Add resources links to language tutorials (#136)
scylladb/care-pet: docs/build-with-php.md

$ docker inspect -f '{{range .NetworkSettings.Networks}}{{.IPAddress}}{{end}}' carepet-scylla1
10.10.5.2
```

### Resources

> * [ScyllaDB PHP driver for PHP 8.2.x  on Github (maintained by community)](https://github.com/qkdreyer/cassandra-php-driver)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ScyllaDB PHP driver for PHP 8.2.x  on Github (maintained by community)](https://github.com/he4rt/scylladb-php-driver)

```
